Minor changes to webhooks docs (#1052)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/webhooks/create-consumer.md

---
title: "Build webhook consumers to subscribe to events"
sidebar_label: "Consume webhooks"
description: "Create new webhook consumers and manage existing ones to receive webhooks using the Portal or the API"
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"

A webhook consumer is your application's implementation of a POST endpoint built to receive Codat's webhooks.
In general, one webhook consumer is required per event type.
The webhook consumer must receive a POST request and process the event within 15 seconds.
We advise passing the event to an internal message queue to ensure the event is processed within the alloted time frame. 

> ## Configure webhook consumer

Reviewer: Still sounds like your configuring the consumer itself rather than codat

Reviewer 2: or "Configure Codat to send events"

Reviewer 2: or "Set up consumers in Codat"

or just "Add webhook consumers to Codat"

Author: ```suggestion
## Register webhook consumer with Codat
```

> Once you have build your webhook consumer you will need to configure Codat to send the consumer events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have built your webhook consumer, you will need to configure Codat to send events to this consumer. 
```

---
title: "Build webhook consumers to subscribe to events"
sidebar_label: "Consume webhooks"

> description: "Create new webhook consumers and manage existing ones to receive webhooks using the Portal or the API"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Configure new webhook consumers in Codat and manage existing configuration to receive webhook events"
```

---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"

> ## Overview

Reviewer 2: made some edits here

A _webhook consumer_ is your implementation of a POST endpoint that you built to receive Codat's webhooks. In general, you need one consumer per [event type](/using-the-api/webhooks/event-types).

This consumer must process the event within 15 seconds when it receives a POST request. We recommend passing the event to an internal message queue so that you can process it in time.

> ## Configure webhook consumer

Author: ```suggestion
## REgister webhook consumer with Codat
```
